feat: php class codebyte example (#5280)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/classes/classes.md

```codebyte/PHP
<?php
class Library
{
  private $libraryName;
  private $ranking;
  private $country;

  // The constructor to initialize the class
  public function __construct(string $libraryName, int $ranking, string $country)
  {
    $this->libraryName = $libraryName;
    $this->ranking = $ranking;
    $this->country = $country;
  }

  // Method to get information about the library
  public function getInfoLibrary()
  {
    $info = $this->libraryName . ' is the number ' . $this->ranking . ' in the world ranking. Located in ' . $this->country . '.<br><br>';
    echo $info;
  }

  // Method to register a new book
  public function registerBook(string $author, string $bookTitle, int $publishYear)
  {
    $portfolio = [
      'author' => $author,
      'bookTitle' => $bookTitle,
      'publishYear' => $publishYear
    ];
    
    print_r($portfolio); // print array for debugging or return $portfolio for further use
  }
}

// Create a new Library instance and call methods
$libraryOne = new Library('The British Library', 1, 'United Kingdom');
$libraryOne->getInfoLibrary();
$libraryOne->registerBook('J.R.R. Tolkien', 'The Silmarillion', 1977);
?>
```

> Now, it's your turn!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  // Output: It is a Car!
?>
```

## Codebyte Example

> Now, with the above understanding, we can create any class together, defining attributes and methods for various contexts. In the following code snippet, we create the class Library, and you can experiment with the `__construct()` method by creating global attributes, methods and then test all the implementation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, with the above understanding, we can create any class together, defining attributes and methods for various contexts. In the following code snippet, we create the class Library, and you can experiment with the `__construct()` method by creating global attributes, and methods and then test all the implementation:
```

> Now, with the above understanding, we can create any class together, defining attributes and methods for various contexts. In the following code snippet, we create the class Library, and you can experiment with the `__construct()` method by creating global attributes, and methods and then test all the implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code defines a `Library` class with attributes for library details, methods to display library information and register books with associated data. Try executing it:
```

```codebyte/PHP

> class Library
> {
>   private $libraryName;
> 
>   private $ranking;
> 
>   private $country;
> 
>   // The constructor plays an important role in creating and instantiating the class.
>   public function __construct(
>     string $libraryName,
>     int $ranking,
>     string $country
>   )
>   {
>     $this->libraryName = $libraryName;
>     $this->ranking = $ranking;
>     $this->country = $country;
>   }
> 
>   // Here we create a variable to concatenate the global attributes created earlier.
>   public function getInfoLibrary()
>   {
>     $info = $this->libraryName . ' is the number ' . $this->ranking . ' in the world ranking. Located in ' . $this->country . '.<br><br>';
>     return print_r($info);
>   }
> 
>   // This is our second method; it is simple, just registers a new book and adds it to the array.
>   public function registerBook(
>     string $author,
>     string $bookTitle,
>     int $publishYear
>   )
>   {
>     // Here we create an array to store the books our library has!
>     $portfolio = [
>     'author' => $author,
>     'bookTitle' => $bookTitle,
>     'publishYear' => $publishYear
>   ];
>     $portfolio['author'] = $author;
>     $portfolio['bookTitle'] = $bookTitle;
>     $portfolio['publishYear'] = $publishYear;
> 
>     return print_r($portfolio);
>   }
> }
> 
> $libraryOne = new Library('The British Library', 1, 'United Kingdom');
> 
> $libraryOne->getInfoLibrary();
> 
> $libraryOne->registerBook('J.R.R. Tolkien', 'The Silmarillion', 1977);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<?php
class Library
{
  private $libraryName;
  private $ranking;
  private $country;

  // The constructor to initialize the class
  public function __construct(string $libraryName, int $ranking, string $country)
  {
    $this->libraryName = $libraryName;
    $this->ranking = $ranking;
    $this->country = $country;
  }

  // Method to get information about the library
  public function getInfoLibrary()
  {
    $info = $this->libraryName . ' is the number ' . $this->ranking . ' in the world ranking. Located in ' . $this->country . '.<br><br>';
    echo $info;
  }

  // Method to register a new book
  public function registerBook(string $author, string $bookTitle, int $publishYear)
  {
    $portfolio = [
      'author' => $author,
      'bookTitle' => $bookTitle,
      'publishYear' => $publishYear
    ];
    
    print_r($portfolio); // print array for debugging or return $portfolio for further use
  }
}

// Create a new Library instance and call methods
$libraryOne = new Library('The British Library', 1, 'United Kingdom');
$libraryOne->getInfoLibrary();
$libraryOne->registerBook('J.R.R. Tolkien', 'The Silmarillion', 1977);
?>
```
